Stateboard doc and usage (#221)
tarantool/cartridge-cli: README.md

  * `<app_name>-scm-1.rockspec` file where you can specify application
    dependencies
  * `init.lua` file which is the entry point for your application

>   * `stateboard.init.lua` file which is the entry point for application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `stateboard.init.lua` file which is the entry point for the application
```

  This is also useful if the app's main script generates errors, and Tarantool
  can handle them.

> * `--stateboard` starts application stateboard as well as instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--stateboard` starts the application stateboard as well as instances.
```

  Defaults to TARANTOOL_STATEBOARD or `false`.
  Ignored if `--stateboard-only` is specified.

> * `--stateboard-only` starts only application stateboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--stateboard-only` starts only the application stateboard.
```

```

If you use stateful failover, you need to start application stateboard.

> **Note** that your application should contain `stateboard.init.lua` in it's root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Your application should contain `stateboard.init.lua` in its root.
```
